{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red91\green98\blue105;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green118\blue190;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c43137\c45882\c48627;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25882\c54510\c79216;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10420\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SAAC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As a member of the NCAA Student-Athlete Advisory Committee at the University of Nebraska-Omaha, I helped other Division I collegiate athletes have a say in NCAA rules, regulations, and policies that affect their lives as student-athletes every day. The mission of SAAC is to allow student-athletes to have a voice in the NCAA, to review current and potentially new NCAA policies, and to provide student-athletes with positive experiences throughout their years as college students. I was presented with multiple leadership opportunities throughout my experience on UNO\'92s SAAC. I am the Vice President of the University of Nebraska-Omaha\'92s\'a0SAAC as well as the Vice President of the Summit League Conference SAAC. These positions enabled me to participate in the National SAAC Conference, where I represented the student-athlete body of the Summit League. I was\'a0also selected to participate in the NCAA Leadership Forum where I was able to refine my leadership skills and learn new ways to lead effectively. My participation in SAAC has helped build upon my strengths and foster my growth as a leader.\
DANCE MARATHON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.unomaha.edu/student-life/involvement/dance-marathon/index.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Dance Marathon}} is a twelve hour event that provokes\'a0you to stand for the children that cannot. It\'a0is a movement that aims to raise money for the Children\'92s Miracle Network Hospital located in the community where the event is taking place. My involvement with Dance Marathon enables me to put a smile on children\'92s faces who have not always had the best of luck growing up. Knowing that I can make a difference in their lives, as well as the lives of their families, makes the experience even more worthwhile. My role on the UNO Dance Marathon board is the Athletic\'a0Liaison. It is my job to help encourage other athletes, students, and community members to participate in this movement that has impacted countless families.\
HOME\
Hi there! I am an aspiring computer engineer by day, homework getter doner\'a0by night, and this is my website. I reside in\'a0Nebraska where I play {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.omavs.com/ViewArticle.dbml?ATCLID=210190208&DB_OEM_ID=31400"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Division I tennis for the University of Nebraska-Omaha}}, while also pursuing a degree in Computer Engineering. I enjoy programming, my fluffy dog, and Lucky Charms.}